Add stricter get_resource method (#473)
inmanta/pytest-inmanta: CHANGELOG.md

- Add support for custom `agent_map` enabling testing or remote io scenarios.
- Fix resource serialization (#437)
- Fix new agent api in inmanta.agent.executor.AgentInstance (ISO8)

> - Add `get_one_resource` method to the `project` fixture. This method is the upgraded version of `get_resource`. This new method should be used instead of the old one and any user is encouraged to migrate to the new one. Please refer to the documentation of the fixture for further information.
> - Add strict mode in `get_resource` method to  the `project` fixture (by default set to `False`). If strict mode is set to `True`, the new `get_one_resource` method will be called. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `get_one_resource` method to the `project` fixture and `Result` object.
- Add strict mode in `get_resource` method to  the `project` fixture and `Result` object (by default set to `False`). 

## Updating
- All uses of the `get_resource` method should be replaced with the `get_one_resource` method. It has improved type matching and raises an exception when multiple matches are present. 
```

this make it visually apparent that there is something to do
